RacketBat Grader Technical Specs

check
-----
The check structures are the different test cases that will be used
in the test suite. These are important as a test suite would be
worthless without the checks. Also they will be what determines
whether or not the function is correct and deserves points.

suite
-----
The suite structures are the actual test suites. They are composed of
the name of the suite, such as posn-assignment-test or something
similar to that. The suite also is composed of a list-of-checks which
will be run to determine the points awarded.

make-check-suite
----------------
This function is used to make the different suites as easily as
possible. This function is basically a template for the suite
creation, but templates make life easier and this also makes the test
suites.

fail-msg
--------
The purpose for this function is that it displays when a check fails
so that the teacher can see what happened or what went wrong, and
then look over the code and tell them how to fix it.

run-suite
---------
This function is used to run a test suite within the grader, which
is itself a test suite of test suites. This function runs one test
suite and then outputs the results of the test. Since the programs
will be done in the racket language and also graded in it, there 
wont be any errors of whether or not the code will work correctly.
However the teacher can still go through and add extra points for
style if the so choose.

run-suites
----------
This function is what makes the grader grade. The purpose of this
function is to run all of the test suites put into the grader, and
then to output the results. This function is the final test for the
assignment that has been submitted.